Port MASTG-TEST-0068 (iOS Certificate Pinning) to v2 (#3732)
OWASP/mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-NETWORK/MASTG-TEST-0x01.md

---
platform: ios
title: Missing Certificate Pinning in ATS
id: MASTG-TEST-0x01
type: [static]
weakness: MASWE-0047
profiles: [L2]
prerequisites:
- identify-first-party-domains
knowledge: [MASTG-KNOW-0072]
---

## Overview

> iOS apps can configure certificate pinning via App Transport Security (ATS) by declaring expected CA or leaf certificate public key hashes in the `Info.plist` file under the [`NSPinnedDomains`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information-property-list/nsapptransportsecurity/nspinneddomains) key. This is Apple's declarative approach for enforcing certificate pinning for connections made through the URL Loading System, such as `URLSession`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iOS apps can configure certificate pinning via App Transport Security (ATS) by declaring expected CA or leaf certificate public key hashes in the `Info.plist` file under the [`NSPinnedDomains`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information-property-list/nsapptransportsecurity/nspinneddomains) key. This is Apple's built-in mechanism for pinning connections made through the [URL Loading System](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/url_loading_system), such as `URLSession`.
```
